csharp/nucleotide-count/README.md, before:

# Nucleotide Count

Given a DNA string, compute how many times each nucleotide occurs in the string.

DNA is represented by an alphabet of the following symbols: 'A', 'C',
'G', and 'T'.

Each symbol represents a nucleotide, which is a fancy name for the
particular molecules that happen to make up a large part of DNA.

Shortest intro to biochemistry EVAR:

- twigs are to birds nests as
- nucleotides are to DNA and RNA as
- amino acids are to proteins as
- sugar is to starch as
- oh crap lipids

I'm not going to talk about lipids because they're crazy complex.

So back to nucleotides.

DNA contains four types of them: adenine (`A`), cytosine (`C`), guanine
(`G`), and thymine (`T`).

RNA contains a slightly different set of nucleotides, but we don't care
about that for now.

### Submitting Exercises

Note that, when trying to submit an exercise, make sure you're exercise file you're submitting is in the `exercism/csharp/<exerciseName>` directory.

For example, if you're submitting `bob.cs` for the Bob exercise, the submit command would be something like `exercism submit <path_to_exercism_dir>/csharp/bob/bob.cs`.

## Source

The Calculating DNA Nucleotides_problem at Rosalind [http://rosalind.info/problems/dna/](http://rosalind.info/problems/dna/)

## Submitting Incomplete Problems
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

[csharp] Updated nucleotide-count to latest version

csharp/nucleotide-count/README.md, after:

# Nucleotide Count

Given a single stranded DNA string, compute how many times each nucleotide occurs in the string.

The genetic language of every living thing on the planet is DNA.
DNA is a large molecule that is built from an extremely long sequence of individual elements called nucleotides.
4 types exist in DNA and these differ only slightly and can be represented as the following symbols: 'A' for adenine, 'C' for cytosine, 'G' for guanine, and 'T' thymine.

Here is an analogy:
- twigs are to birds nests as
- nucleotides are to DNA as
- legos are to lego houses as
- words are to sentences as...

## Hints
This exercise requires the use of a Dictionary. For more information see 
[this page.](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/s4ys34ea(v=vs.110).aspx)

## Running the tests

To run the tests, run the command `dotnet test` from within the exercise directory.

Initially, only the first test will be enabled. This is to encourage you to solve the exercise one step at a time.
Once you get the first test passing, remove the `Skip` property from the next test and work on getting that test passing.
Once none of the tests are skipped and they are all passing, you can submit your solution 
using `exercism submit NucleotideCount.cs`

## Further information

For more detailed information about the C# track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [C# language page](http://exercism.io/languages/csharp/resources).

## Source

The Calculating DNA Nucleotides_problem at Rosalind [http://rosalind.info/problems/dna/](http://rosalind.info/problems/dna/)
