csharp/grade-school/README.md, before:

# Grade School

Given students' names along with the grade that they are in, create a roster for the school

In the end, you should be able to:

- Add a student's name to the roster for a grade
  - "Add Jim to grade 2."
  - "OK."
- Get a list of all students enrolled in a grade
  - "Which students are in grade 2?"
  - "We've only got Jim just now."
- Get a sorted list of all students in all grades.  Grades should sort
  as 1, 2, 3, etc., and students within a grade should be sorted
  alphabetically by name.
  - "Who all is enrolled in school right now?"
  - "Grade 1: Anna, Barb, and Charlie. Grade 2: Alex, Peter, and Zoe.
    Grade 3…"

Note that all our students only have one name.  (It's a small town, what
do you want?)


## For bonus points

Did you get the tests passing and the code clean? If you want to, these
are some additional things you could try:

- If you're working in a language with mutable data structures and your
  implementation allows outside code to mutate the school's internal DB
  directly, see if you can prevent this. Feel free to introduce additional
  tests.

Then please share your thoughts in a comment on the submission. Did this
experiment make the code better? Worse? Did you learn anything from it?

### Submitting Exercises

Note that, when trying to submit an exercise, make sure you're exercise file you're submitting is in the `exercism/csharp/<exerciseName>` directory.

For example, if you're submitting `bob.cs` for the Bob exercise, the submit command would be something like `exercism submit <path_to_exercism_dir>/csharp/bob/bob.cs`.

## Source

A pairing session with Phil Battos at gSchool [http://gschool.it](http://gschool.it)

## Submitting Incomplete Problems
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

[csharp] Updated grade-school to latest version

csharp/grade-school/README.md, after:

# Grade School

Given students' names along with the grade that they are in, create a roster
for the school.

In the end, you should be able to:

- Add a student's name to the roster for a grade
  - "Add Jim to grade 2."
  - "OK."
- Get a list of all students enrolled in a grade
  - "Which students are in grade 2?"
  - "We've only got Jim just now."
- Get a sorted list of all students in all grades.  Grades should sort
  as 1, 2, 3, etc., and students within a grade should be sorted
  alphabetically by name.
  - "Who all is enrolled in school right now?"
  - "Grade 1: Anna, Barb, and Charlie. Grade 2: Alex, Peter, and Zoe.
    Grade 3…"

Note that all our students only have one name.  (It's a small town, what
do you want?)

## For bonus points

Did you get the tests passing and the code clean? If you want to, these
are some additional things you could try:

- If you're working in a language with mutable data structures and your
  implementation allows outside code to mutate the school's internal DB
  directly, see if you can prevent this. Feel free to introduce additional
  tests.

Then please share your thoughts in a comment on the submission. Did this
experiment make the code better? Worse? Did you learn anything from it?

## Running the tests

To run the tests, run the command `dotnet test` from within the exercise directory.

Initially, only the first test will be enabled. This is to encourage you to solve the exercise one step at a time.
Once you get the first test passing, remove the `Skip` property from the next test and work on getting that test passing.
Once none of the tests are skipped and they are all passing, you can submit your solution 
using `exercism submit GradeSchool.cs`

## Further information

For more detailed information about the C# track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [C# language page](http://exercism.io/languages/csharp/resources).

## Source

A pairing session with Phil Battos at gSchool [http://gschool.it](http://gschool.it)
