csharp/leap/README.md, before:

# Leap

Given a year, report if it is a leap year.

The tricky thing here is that a leap year in the Gregorian calendar occurs:

```plain
on every year that is evenly divisible by 4
  except every year that is evenly divisible by 100
    unless the year is also evenly divisible by 400
```

For example, 1997 is not a leap year, but 1996 is.  1900 is not a leap
year, but 2000 is.

If your language provides a method in the standard library that does
this look-up, pretend it doesn't exist and implement it yourself.

## Notes

Though our exercise adopts some very simple rules, there is more to
learn!

For a delightful, four minute explanation of the whole leap year
phenomenon, go watch [this youtube video][video].

[video]: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX96xng7sAE

### Submitting Exercises

Note that, when trying to submit an exercise, make sure you're exercise file you're submitting is in the `exercism/csharp/<exerciseName>` directory.

For example, if you're submitting `bob.cs` for the Bob exercise, the submit command would be something like `exercism submit <path_to_exercism_dir>/csharp/bob/bob.cs`.

## Source

JavaRanch Cattle Drive, exercise 3 [http://www.javaranch.com/leap.jsp](http://www.javaranch.com/leap.jsp)

## Submitting Incomplete Problems
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

[csharp] Updated leap to latest version

csharp/leap/README.md, after:

# Leap

Given a year, report if it is a leap year.

The tricky thing here is that a leap year in the Gregorian calendar occurs:

```text
on every year that is evenly divisible by 4
  except every year that is evenly divisible by 100
    unless the year is also evenly divisible by 400
```

For example, 1997 is not a leap year, but 1996 is.  1900 is not a leap
year, but 2000 is.

## Notes

Though our exercise adopts some very simple rules, there is more to
learn!

For a delightful, four minute explanation of the whole leap year
phenomenon, go watch [this youtube video][video].

[video]: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX96xng7sAE

## Notes

The DateTime class in C# provides a built-in [IsLeapYear](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.datetime.isleapyear(v=vs.110).aspx) method
which you should pretend doesn't exist for the purposes of implementing this exercise.

## Running the tests

To run the tests, run the command `dotnet test` from within the exercise directory.

Initially, only the first test will be enabled. This is to encourage you to solve the exercise one step at a time.
Once you get the first test passing, remove the `Skip` property from the next test and work on getting that test passing.
Once none of the tests are skipped and they are all passing, you can submit your solution 
using `exercism submit Leap.cs`

## Further information

For more detailed information about the C# track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [C# language page](http://exercism.io/languages/csharp/resources).

## Source

JavaRanch Cattle Drive, exercise 3 [http://www.javaranch.com/leap.jsp](http://www.javaranch.com/leap.jsp)
