csharp/phone-number/README.md, before:

# Phone Number

Clean up user-entered phone numbers so that they can be sent SMS messages.

The rules are as follows:

- If the phone number is less than 10 digits assume that it is bad
  number
- If the phone number is 10 digits assume that it is good
- If the phone number is 11 digits and the first number is 1, trim the 1
  and use the last 10 digits
- If the phone number is 11 digits and the first number is not 1, then
  it is a bad number
- If the phone number is more than 11 digits assume that it is a bad
  number

We've provided tests, now make them pass.

Hint: Only make one test pass at a time. Disable the others, then flip
each on in turn after you get the current failing one to pass.

### Submitting Exercises

Note that, when trying to submit an exercise, make sure you're exercise file you're submitting is in the `exercism/csharp/<exerciseName>` directory.

For example, if you're submitting `bob.cs` for the Bob exercise, the submit command would be something like `exercism submit <path_to_exercism_dir>/csharp/bob/bob.cs`.

## Source

Event Manager by JumpstartLab [http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html)

## Submitting Incomplete Problems
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

csharp phone-number using xUnit

csharp/phone-number/README.md, after:

# Phone Number

Clean up user-entered phone numbers so that they can be sent SMS messages.

The **North American Numbering Plan (NANP)** is a telephone numbering system used by many countries in North America like the United States, Canada or Bermuda. All NANP-countries share the same international country code: `1`.

NANP numbers are ten-digit numbers consisting of a three-digit Numbering Plan Area code, commonly known as *area code*, followed by a seven-digit local number. The first three digits of the local number represent the *exchange code*, followed by the unique four-digit number which is the *subscriber number*.

The format is usually represented as

```text
(NXX)-NXX-XXXX
```

where `N` is any digit from 2 through 9 and `X` is any digit from 0 through 9.

Your task is to clean up differently formatted telephone numbers by removing punctuation and the country code (1) if present.

For example, the inputs
- `+1 (613)-995-0253`
- `613-995-0253`
- `1 613 995 0253`
- `613.995.0253`

should all produce the output

`6139950253`

**Note:** As this exercise only deals with telephone numbers used in NANP-countries, only 1 is considered a valid country code.

## Running the tests

To run the tests, run the command `dotnet test` from within the exercise directory.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the C# track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [C# language page](http://exercism.io/languages/csharp/resources).

## Source

Event Manager by JumpstartLab [http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
