csharp/robot-name/README.md, before:

# Robot Name

Manage robot factory settings.

When robots come off the factory floor, they have no name.

The first time you boot them up, a random name is generated in the format
of two uppercase letters followed by three digits, such as RX837 or BC811.

Every once in a while we need to reset a robot to its factory settings,
which means that their name gets wiped. The next time you ask, it will
respond with a new random name.

The names must be random: they should not follow a predictable sequence.
Random names means a risk of collisions. Your solution must ensure that
every existing robot has a unique name.

## Running the tests

To run the tests, run the command `dotnet test` from within the exercise directory.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the C# track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [C# language page](http://exercism.io/languages/csharp/resources).

## Source

A debugging session with Paul Blackwell at gSchool. [http://gschool.it](http://gschool.it)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

[csharp] Updated robot-name to latest version

csharp/robot-name/README.md, after:

# Robot Name

Manage robot factory settings.

When robots come off the factory floor, they have no name.

The first time you boot them up, a random name is generated in the format
of two uppercase letters followed by three digits, such as RX837 or BC811.

Every once in a while we need to reset a robot to its factory settings,
which means that their name gets wiped. The next time you ask, it will
respond with a new random name.

The names must be random: they should not follow a predictable sequence.
Random names means a risk of collisions. Your solution must ensure that
every existing robot has a unique name.

## Running the tests

To run the tests, run the command `dotnet test` from within the exercise directory.

Initially, only the first test will be enabled. This is to encourage you to solve the exercise one step at a time.
Once you get the first test passing, remove the `Skip` property from the next test and work on getting that test passing.
Once none of the tests are skipped and they are all passing, you can submit your solution 
using `exercism submit RobotName.cs`

## Further information

For more detailed information about the C# track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [C# language page](http://exercism.io/languages/csharp/resources).

## Source

A debugging session with Paul Blackwell at gSchool. [http://gschool.it](http://gschool.it)
