csharp/difference-of-squares/README.md, before:

# Difference Of Squares

Find the difference between the sum of the squares and the square of the sum of the first N natural numbers.

The square of the sum of the first ten natural numbers is
(1 + 2 + ... + 10)² = 55² = 3025.

The sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers is
1² + 2² + ... + 10² = 385.

Hence the difference between the square of the sum of the first
ten natural numbers and the sum of the squares of the first ten
natural numbers is 3025 - 385 = 2640.

### Submitting Exercises

Note that, when trying to submit an exercise, make sure you're exercise file you're submitting is in the `exercism/csharp/<exerciseName>` directory.

For example, if you're submitting `bob.cs` for the Bob exercise, the submit command would be something like `exercism submit <path_to_exercism_dir>/csharp/bob/bob.cs`.

## Source

Problem 6 at Project Euler [http://projecteuler.net/problem=6](http://projecteuler.net/problem=6)

## Submitting Incomplete Problems
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

csharp difference-of-squares refactoring

csharp/difference-of-squares/README.md, after:

# Difference Of Squares

Find the difference between the square of the sum and the sum of the squares of the first N natural numbers.

The square of the sum of the first ten natural numbers is
(1 + 2 + ... + 10)² = 55² = 3025.

The sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers is
1² + 2² + ... + 10² = 385.

Hence the difference between the square of the sum of the first
ten natural numbers and the sum of the squares of the first ten
natural numbers is 3025 - 385 = 2640.

## Hints
This exercise requires you to process a collection of data. You can simplify your code by using LINQ (Language Integrated Query).
For more information, see [this page]
(https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/articles/standard/using-linq).

## Running the tests

To run the tests, run the command `dotnet test` from within the exercise directory.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the C# track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [C# language page](http://exercism.io/languages/csharp/resources).

## Source

Problem 6 at Project Euler [http://projecteuler.net/problem=6](http://projecteuler.net/problem=6)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
